Milestone 5 - CS 211
Autumn Ossello

This milestone was made particularly difficult once again due to technological
limits and annoyances. I wasn’t able to start it for awhile due to issues with vLab
and then a fried malfunctioning laptop. Ultimately I was able to install the needed
programs on a parent’s work computer nearby and work on the project at that
office. Although that took most of my allotted time working out, I was able to
reach out to fellow students and get some much needed guidance to finish the
project more quickly. Understanding the given algorithm and how to apply it to my
code was the next hurdle. The biggest problem overall for me was the time constraint, the 
struggles of making technology work and dealing with insufficient internet speed 
and data limits made an otherwise straightforward project the most stressful 
two weeks of my semester so far. This was particularly true since many other 
projects and applications are due this weekend as well.

I definitely don’t feel great about this project. I don’t feel like I had the space to 
give it my all and the product suffered as a result. To fully approach this milestone
I needed to read through it all and understand how each part affected the result, 
and I wasn’t able to do that in addition to adding functionality. Due to my 
desperation to turn anything in I wasn’t able to learn or use the extent of my 
knowledge within the process, although at this point I’m really not sure what else I 
could have done.

This COVID situation as a whole has been a test of endurance for me, with 
eroding technology and a sudden new environment I’ve found myself struggling to 
keep working at the same standards that I’ve maintained in the past. In addition to 
personal struggles that were present before these new developments, 2020 so far 
has really not been my year. I hope that moving into the next milestone, having 
finally acquired a computer that I can use for this class, I will be able to use the 
same skills I have in previous milestones and achieve something I can be proud 
of.
